doc(release): prepare release notes for modules 23.04 (#2511)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.mdx

title: Extensions Commerciales
---

> import ExpandCollapseAll from "@site/src/components/ExpandCollapseAll";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import ExpandCollapseAll from '@site/src/components/ExpandCollapseAll';
```

## Centreon MAP

### 23.04.2

Release date: `July 28, 2023`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Geoviews] Fixed an issue that made hosts not to be displayed on geoviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Geoviews] Fixed an issue that prevented hosts from being displayed on geoviews.
```

> - [Packaging] Fixed packaging issue that caused map-engine service to fail to start on debian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Packaging] Fixed packaging issue that caused the map-engine service to fail to start on Debian.
```

> - Allow elements to be grouped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allowed elements to be grouped.
```

> - Fixed an issue making Business Activities size different between viewer and editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue making Business Activities' size different between viewer and editor.
```

> - Fixed an issue that caused server to crash on duplicated centreon modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused server to crash because of duplicated Centreon modules.
```

## Centreon Anomaly Detection

### 23.04.3

Release date: `July 28, 2023`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - Fixed Stream connector to send anomaly detection data to Centreon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Stream connector to send Anomaly Detection data to Centreon.
```

> - Fixed anomaly detection script that was not sending data history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Anomaly Detection script that was not sending data history.
```
